# wintshOS
## What is wintshOS?
wintshOS is supposed to be an Operating System made for PCs, pretty much exclusivly. Feel free to try and use it for your router, if you reallly want to, I don't really care. Just don't sue me, in case you might or definitely do have legal grounds to, pretty please :3
## Why is wintshOS?
Mostly, I am bored. I've been 'rotting' away for literally years now. I've laid in my bed, sat in my chair at my desk, watched YouTube, Netflix, Disney Plus, and many many more things, as well as played numerous games to the point where I don't think many things make too much fun anymore. As one might see by my [github contribution history](https://github.com/Theotrystolearnjava) I've been doing a little coding every now and then over the past 5-ish years. I originally wanted to start with Java, but that didn't exactly work out too well. I'm not sure why I stopped. A bit after that, I tried myself at a Discord Python bot, using at first the nextcord library but eventually the discord.py library. That got too complicated, and I didn't skitee a real use in which I would ever need a Discord bot, so I stopped working on that. After that, I got into C++ thanks to [The Cherno](https://www.youtube.com/@TheCherno), I followed a little tutorial thingy from 'Bro Code' and did a few very simple beginner console games. Then I did some more, I can't be bothered repeating myself just with 1 or 2 tweaks again, so that's all you'll get. And now I am here making, or rather trying to make, an Operating System with plans of making my very own programming language and also a Browser, not a reskin of either Firefox or Chrome. I realize doing it in that order, especially with my level of knowledge, especially since I want to do all of this from scratch in Assembly and C is not the smartest Idea someone ever had, nor is it going to make any part of this process quicker, but... it's a hobby, and as long as it is fun to me?\
\
Hold on.. this doesn't actually answer 'the why', does it?
## What does wintshOS mean?
'wintshOS' is a simple-ish acronym for: 'why is naming things so hard Operating System'.\
That's it.
